The folder HW1 contains the first assignment for CS543.

Nuttaworn Sujumnong

To run the program, simply open the GLSLExperiment.sln file. The main c++ code is in the file example1.cpp.

The file example1.cpp includes the code for Sierpinski Gasket, Polyline drawing, and Koch Snowflake.

The Sierpinski Gasket code is based on the example code from Interactive Computer Graphics 6nd edition

Code: 
	-triangle(): draw a final triangle for the Sierpinski Gasket
	-divide_triangle(): drawn triangle in each iteration with half the size of the previous triangle
                            while the iteration is larger than 0. If it reaches the last iteration, draw the
                            last triangle by calling triangle() function.
        -sierpinski(): specify the coordinates of the first triangle, then call divide_triangle() to draw the 
                       smaller triangle inside of it.

Koch Snowflake: The code is based on Computer Graphics using OpenGL 2nd edition

Code: 	-drawKoch(): the code takes direction, length, and number of iteration as the arguments. The function 
                     draws one side of the Koch snowflake at a time. It determines the next point based on the 
                     previous point. The function calls itself in order to turn left 60 degree, turn right 120 degree,
                     and then left 60 degree to make the Koch curve happens. Once it reaches the final iterantion,
                     it simply draw a straight line.
	-initKoch(): This function contains the calculated numbers of points will be drawn and initialize the index
                     of the points. Then, it calls drawKoch() three times in order to create a snowflake.

Polyline file drawing: 

Code:
	-drawPolylineFile(): This code takes the .dat file name as an argument. It reades the data file and determine
                             each section of the file: Ignore the comment above the line with '*', read the polyline
                             extent, read the number of total polylines will be drawn, then loop the lines that contain
                             the number of points in each line and all points for the line. The final section of the code
                             simply creates the 4x4 tile of each polyline drawing with appropriate resize. 

The keyboard commands are the following:
	'k' : draw the Koch snowflake with 3 iterations
	'i' : increase the iteration and draw the Koch snowflake
	'r' : decrease the iteration and draw the Koch snowflake. DO NOT go lower than 1 iteration or the program may crash
	'u' : draw the polyline of the file usa.dat
	'd' : draw the polyline of the file dragon.dat
	'v' : draw the polyline of the file vinci.dat
	's' : draw the Sierpinski Gasket. The drawing contains only 5 iteration of the triangles.