Nuttaworn Sujumnong
Project 2

Instruction: Run the the GLSLExperiment.sln as usual. 
*** NOTE ***
When you run the GLSLExperiment.sln, please have the examle1.cpp, vshader1.glsl, and fshader1.glsl open in the same windows, otherwise 
Visual Studio will complain about not finding fshader and vshader files.

When execute the code, the first displayed mesh should be an ant.ply.

Keyboard interaction:

Press 'X': The mesh should slide in x+ direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
press 'x': The mesh should slide in x- direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
Press 'Y': The mesh should slide in Y+ direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
press 'y': The mesh should slide in y- direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
Press 'Z': The mesh should slide in Z+ direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
press 'z': The mesh should slide in z- direction and stop sliding when the key is pressed again
Press 'H': The mesh should shear along y- direction. Keep pressing it and the shear will keep decreasing
Press 'h': The mesh should shear along y+ direction. Keep pressing it and the shear will keep increasing
Press 'W': The mesh should return to it's original position and orientation
Press 'B': The mesh should start pulsing
Press 'N': The next mesh from the ply files list should be drawn.
Press 'P': The previous mesh from the ply files list should be drawn
Press 'm': Draw the normal vector of each face. Press 'm' again to un-draw the normal vector.

NOTE: 
- Due to poor memory allocation method for pulse function, the program may crash if the mesh is pulsed for too long.
- When the mesh pulsing started, pressing W will not return it to original state
- Due to some unknown reason, if the mesh is transformed beyond curtain point, pressing W may not return it to original position
and orientation
- Some small mesh like Apple might pulse to weird shape because I didn't actually scale the mesh but rather just change the camera to suitable position to view the mesh
- If you draw the normal and pulse at the same time, the drawn normal vectors will not follow the pulsing pattern.